Adding override option for the resource limits and ephemeral-storage (#306)
hivemq/helm-charts: charts/hivemq-platform/templates/NOTES.txt

*** Warning ***
`config.overrideInitContainers` value is deprecated and will be removed in future releases.
Please, consider using `additionalInitContainers` value instead.
{{- end }}
{{- if .Values.nodes.resources.overrideLimits }}

*** Warning ***

> `nodes.resources.overrideLimits` is meant to be used for testing purposes only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nodes.resources.overrideLimits` is not recommended for production use cases and may lead to unpredictable memory and cpu allocation for pods.
```

> Overriding resources limits in production environments might lead to unpredictable results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
